Blog: Add Chef integration article (#184)
cobbler/cobbler.github.io: _posts/2026/2026-01-28-cobbler-and-chef.md

---
layout: post
title: An update to the Chef integration
author: Enno
summary: An updated version of the instructions provided by Milford in 2012
---

A few years ago (actually more than a dozen years ago), a very cool blogger wrote a nice article [^1] on how to get Cobbler
going with Chef for his infrastructure. We wanted to publish our own version of it now that Cobbler has had a few
releases since back then. To preserve his content, we have decided to repost his blog article within our own blog. For
details see [here]({% post_url /2012/2012-03-26-cobbler-on-centos %}).

The Cobbler 3.3.x release series no longer includes a Web UI based on Django. The experimental one, which is Angular

> based can be found [here](https://github.com/cobbler/cobbler-web). For the purposes of this blog entry, the screenshots

Reviewer: I find this "here" problematic. It works well for HTML, but as soon as you print it, the information is lost: Where is "here"?

I would recommend to give a hint ("GitHUb") and add an abbreviated URL like this:

```suggestion
based can be found on the GitHub repo [cobbler/cobbler-web](https://github.com/cobbler/cobbler-web). For the purposes of this blog entry, the screenshots
```
